I am applying for software engineering because I have a keen interest in computers and how they work, as well as controlling them with software. I have also been wanting to study software engineering at university ever since I started studying the subject, due to it's complexity and the enjoyment that I get for learning new aspects of computers and computer systems.  

I have been interested in computers ever since I was young and my family had their first desktop PC. At first I just saw it as a box that did things like browsing the internet and editing documents but after a while I started to realise that I could then install programs on the machine itself. From here I then realised that I could personalise my account with certain programs and software that I would use. After this I got my first laptop and from here my interest only grew as I started investigating all of the hidden folders and settings with Windows to see what they could all do.

Past this point I then became interested in creating my own software so that I could tell the computer what to do beyond the applications that I could install. From here I then became interested in programming so that I could control the computer and started learning JavaScript and Python, whilst also looking into C++. I then started using Linux and learning all about how it works and what fundamentally powers computers throughout a whole operating system and I still use, explore and configure it to this day.

Throughout my education I have been studying courses related to software engineering with the intention that this would lead up to learning software engineering in university. In secondary school I learned computing at the first available opportunity and got an A* in it. At the moment I am doing an extended diploma in IT and am on course for a triple Distinction* grade. In addition to this I am also studying A Level maths with a focus on Decision and I am doing the D1 and D2 units of this. I took the diploma rather than the A Level as I wanted to get a feel for what work would be like in the real world with deadlines and projects but I will do the more academic portion in the university course that you are offering.

In addition to the course and lessons that I have to do, I also have done many other activities related to software engineering. For example within UTC Reading I have done 2 different projects with industry partners that myself and my team won. The first was a remote control vehicle challenge that was with the Army and I was the main programmer for the Raspberry pi controlling the machine. There was another project based on big data for Peter Brett Associates that I was in the research team for that involved creating a product for users based on big data. 

I have also programmed many different small programs with C ,C++, Python and JavaScript of which I have varying experience with. Furthermore I have also built my own desktop from scratch, sourcing and ordering the parts from different websites worldwide whilst ensuring that all the part would be fully compatible with each other. 

As well as just programming I have also worked for my college's IT department over the summer holidays helping to set up the new college system by installing and setting up new operating systems and software on laptops and desktops around the college. 

I believe that I am suitable for a software engineering course due to the fact that I wish to extend the knowledge that I have acquired on software engineering with more in depth information about it. Furthermore I also want to gain particular skills that will be useful in the industry and real life applications, rather than just the theoretical knowledge.

Finally after University I would like to go on to work for a technology company using my skills on programming, and creating applications and solutions for people. 

