Unit 40 Assignment 1

Introduction
in this assignment I will be going through the initial stages of games development and design. These stages mainly cover the stage of analysis and idea generation from other games as well as research into different game concepts that take effect in all games.

Task 1 - Describe visual style and elements of gameplay used in game design with some appropriate use of subject terminology
P1 - Deconstruct 3 games, explain visual style, gameplay and use screengrabs
M1 - Explain game elements by using illustrative examples and all key terms in the 2 tables above.
D1 - Critically evaluate elements using examples and correct subject terminology. Write on the strengths and weaknesses of the games. 

In this section I will be going through 3 different games and analysing different aspects of these games in order to gather information about how I could create my own game and the fundamental aspects that I would need to include in order to make it a successful game. For this section I will e going though a whole range of different aspects from gameplay to goals and scoring and the environment. I will also be analysing 3 games and these are Ikaruga, Mini Metro and Fallout 4 as these three games are all from different genres and they all have completely different styles and game mechanics. The sections will hen be split into two section one of gameplay and one on visual style.

Ikaruga 

Interaction model

Within all games there is a requirement for a certain level of user interaction in order for the game to be a game and not a film. In Ikaruga, the method interaction for the game is the players ability to control a ship throughout the game and this ship is called the Ikaruga and this is where the name for the game comes from. However, there is also an option in the menu of the game to control another ship called the ginkei however this is seen as the second player ship and as such it is not the default ship and has not as much use. 

Although you get the ability to control the ship through out the game there are still a only a few different ways in which you can interact with the ship in order to actually control it. The interactions that you are limited to are the ability to: move up, down, left and right as well as the ability to shoot, release power and change polarity (the last few points will be explained in a later section)

One final and interesting thing to note is that although the game uses 3D models and environments the player can only control the Ikaruga/ginkei in only 2 dimensions and the 3rd dimension is only used for moving during cutscenes.  

Single player / multiplayer

Ikaruga is primarily a multiplayer co-operative game in its first iteration, however as it developed it merged into a more single player experience due to how computers existed from the 90's to now. 

When Ikaruga was initially created it was designed as an arcade cabinet for arcades in Japan and at that time co-operative arcade shooters were the norm and as such Ikaruga was designed around that to fit into peoples expectations. This arcade box was designed for two players by having two sets of controls, one for each player and each player would be able to control their respective ship of either the Ikaruga or the ginkei and both players would be playing on the same play field and would both be in the same game. After the game was created for the Japanese arcades the game was then released for the Dreamcast home console and this is where the majority of its popularity came from and where most people will remember it form. This was an almost exact port of the original game however due to the fact that it was on home consoles the game was therefore player in a more single player format. The singleplayer experience is not that much different from the multiplayer one apart from the fact that you will only have one ship to fight the enemies but there is no adjustment to the difficulty level. From this lack of adjustment in difficulty the game became renowned for its difficulty among its fans. 

Game setting

Throughout the game there are quite a few different settings that the player will go though in order to progress through the game. Due to the fact that the game is very linear in its style as you can only go through the path that the game defines and you cannot change that fact. This therefore means that the is  slightly different for each level but it will always be the same kind of different and so playing through the game again will lead to the exact same setting. In general the setting of this game is a futuristic world with grand buildings and a high level of technology, however throughout the landscape and scenery of this game there are also signs of nature with forests and lakes seen occasionally throughout. This game is set in a future japan and these buildings that can be seen are part of the dictator ship that has fallen upon the land and that is why they are grand in size and are very mech like in terms of appearance.  

Goals
(D1)
For the game to be playable and have progression there is a requirement for there to be a goal or objective that the player works towards and can have the ability to complete in order to progress through the game. For this section I will be explaining this in two sections, the goal in terms of the story line and the goal in terms of the gameplay and what the player has to do. The story goal is that the main antagonist of the game discovered an ancient artefact of infinite power and has used this godly power to enslave and rule over the land. The main protagonist of the game was working as a fighter against the antagonist but was shot down due to their power and he crashed in a village. From here the people of the village (one of whom was a genius inventor) created a fighter ship that could match the power of the antagonist and free them from their situation. The game then revolves around the main character going up against and defeating the antagonist and his array of weapons and minions at his disposal, as you progress through the game to nearer to the antagonist the enemies get harder until you defat him and destroy the artefact that gave him the power. 

In terms of the actual gameplay for this user and ignoring the story the goal of the game can be split into a few different goals of varying necessity. The main goal of the game is to get the highest score by the end of the game. Points for the score are earned by killing enemies and defeating bosses, in addition to this points are also earned through defeating 3 enemies of the same colour or polarity in a row over and over again. Furthermore, additional points can be earned by killing enemies of the same colour as you are as they are then 2 times more difficult to kill. With the points bing the main objective and goal there are then a few other small goals that cam be done in order to make that main goal happen faster / more efficiently. For example, to get a high score that layer must keep their ship alive and not be killed as this will result in the player losing points and mission out on opportunities for more points as they can't kill enemies whilst they are dead.  With the not being killed part there is therefore the fact that you should complete every level and not dying is the main part of that. Finally, there is also the fact that in order to get the most points you will need to defeat all the enemies that you came across and due to the fact that this game is a bullet hell shooter and that there are many enemies on screen at the same time with bullets everywhere that can turn out to be quite difficult.  

Challenges
(D1)
Games will need to have challenge in them if they are to have some repeatability and thinking involved in the game or otherwise the player would get board from the game and will not continue playing. In Ikaruga the challenge level of the game is very, very high and it is also not varied as the challenge is the same throughout the whole of the game. As mentioned previously the challenge from this game comes from that fact that it is designed for two players but normally only played by one. However, that is not the main reason for the challenge. The main challenge for this game comes from the type of game this it is and how it fits into Japanese culture. The game is what is best described as a bullet hell shooter, this is a game where there are hundreds of bullets or projectiles on the screen that the player must avoid in order to not die as if the player touches one then they will die. In Japanese culture there is a desire for games to be designed around the idea of perfection as that is an integral part of the culture and expectations of people, due to this a lot of the game in japan are renowned for their difficulty and their ability to be perfected is rewarded highly, this therefore creates the challenges and difficulty seen in the game. 
The actual difficulty comes in the form of dodging bullets shot by enemies and the over whelming amount that may be on the screen at any time. This, coupled with the fact that the bullets all have patterns that you can learn create the challenge that drives people to play the game more and get better at it. Finally there are also bosses at the end of each level and these bosses present their own challenges as they are exceedingly tough in terms of their health as well as the fact that they all have their own unique patterns and attack strategies for the player to navigate. Beating the bosses is seen as quite a challenge due to these points. 

Rewards

In many games the player can gain rewards if they manage to complete certain objectives or do something that requires skill and practice, this is done so that the player will play the game longer in order to gain this reward and have a goal to reach. In addition to this games will also come with certain achievements that the they will gain once they have completed an objective or a task and these can be shown off as a proof that they have done it.  Within Ikaruga there are no progressive rewards whilst playing through the game however there are an initial set of achievements for particular task completion and in game rewards for difficult or daring moves. There is an initial set of achievements that are available for beating each boss at the end of a level and these will always show up at the right hand side of the screen when you play through with that save file. However, these can only be unlocked once and once that has happened they cannot be unlocked again and no more rewards are given for the defeat of these bosses. Inn addition to these basic achievements there are also more complex and more difficult to get achievement that will focus on a particular play style or a score. For example there are achievements for beating each level with a perfect score of an S rank which is very difficult to get and there is also a set of achievements for the ability to complete levels without firing your weapon and so on.  
In addition to in game achievements there is also rewards that the player can use in game for completing daring or complex manoeuvres. For example in the game if you kill an enemy of your colour then they will explode and shoot a bunch of projectiles of their colour towards you and these can easily hit and kill you if you are the wrong colour. This coupled with the fact that if you kill an enemy of the same colour it takes twice as long might seem like its very easy but, you can absorb colour that are the same as you. This therefore means that when you dare to kill enemies slower you will have them give you projectiles that you can absorb and as you do this you will charge up your power and this will allow the player to release a powerful blast that can deal massive damage to all enemies on screen.  

Player actions

Throughout Ikaruga there are not any options at all for the player to take that will affect the story of the game and the progression the player through the game. This is because the game is designed to be exceedingly linear with the player going through the levels at a set speed and at a set time, this therefore creates no variances and none that an be created by the player. 
This style and lack of player actions is almost fundamental to Japanese arcade games like these due to the fact that these games are designed to be played over and over again in order to gain perfection of the game and having an alterable storyline or major gameplay changes based on the layers decisions would ruin that.        

Rules
(D1)
Although there are no hard set rules for what you can and cant do in the game, the actual rules of how the game works are very important as without them the game would not work. 
A few of the basic rules that govern the game are as follows: 

        1. Hit a projectile of an opposite colour and you die, losing a life
        2. Shooting enemies will kill them, but if you shoot them with the opposite colour they will take twice the damage
        3. Killing enemies will gain score and killing 3 of the same colour in succession will yield more score
        4. You can swap polarities at any time
        5. You can move in 2 dimensions
        6. Once you each and complete the final level you win the game 

For the game to fully work all of these rules must be kept to, and in order for that to be true at all times these rules are programmed into the games code so that the game runs with these conditions always satisfied and the game takes appropriate actions otherwise. In addition to this, each of the rules are needed for a certain purpose otherwise the game will not work.

        1. This rule is needed as otherwise there would be no challenge for the player and the game would be very very simple, this is also adds another layer of difficulty compared to other similar games as the player will have to keep in mind their polarity and the enemies polarity  
        2. This rule creates a risk and reward system for the player that many different player levels can take advantage of up a point where they feel comfortable. At the most basic level this will mean that a player can kill an enemy with the same colour and it will die and that it will release projectiles towards the player that are the same colour as them and as such they can use these to build up their power. At a another level this will also allow players to swap  to the opposite polarity to kill the enemy and if they do so then they will kill the enemy twice as fast which can e very useful on tough enemies. However, for this reward there is also the risk of the fact that when the enemy dies, they will shoot out a collection of projectiles towards the player that is not their colour and they will have to dodge this of swap colour and these can both complicate the matter. 
        3. This rule will create the competitive nature of the game and be the defining factor in the repeatability for the game. Without this rule there would be no way to score or define how well a run went when compared to another one and it will also encourage a certain style of play for the players who wish to gain more points than other player. With this in mind the high-level players will try to always get multiple of three when killing enemies and this can lead to new routes throughout the level as well as these players learning more advanced  movement techniques.  
        4. This rule is important to the flow of the game as well as how nice the game feels to play. This rule dictates that the player can swap polarities at any time and this is needed in order to ensure that the player can avoid the projectiles that they want to avoid and fight bosses at the difficulty that they see fit. The other alternative that this rule could have been that there is a cooldown for the player switching and due to this the player must wait a longer period of time before they can switch again. Of course in the actual game there is some delay between when the player can switch polarities as otherwise holding down the switch button would mean that they switch constantly or that the button is needed to be pressed every time the player want to switch and both of these also have their negative points. 
        5. This rule dictates how the player can move around the game board and what limits they have for it. In this rule the player can only move in 2 dimensions (Up, Down, Left and Right). This is needed to be stated because although the game is rendered in 3 dimensions the player can only move in two and to avoid confusion this is needed to be stated. This is also important for the game as it defines a set of valid inputs for the player to act out.  
        6. This rule is the rule for the win condition of the game and this will be covered in a later topic of the win condition itself. Without this win condition rule the game would not have an end and the player could never win the game. 

Difficulty

As mentioned previously, this game has a high level of difficulty even through there is only one type of difficulty in the game tat being the projectiles and the switch that comes from them. The difficulty in this game comes from the fact that there are many different enemies on the screen and that these enemies require the player to navigate their attacks whilst also managing the swapping if their polarity. 
In the game itself there are 3 main difficulty levels tat you can select  before you start a game (easy, medium and hard), however there is also an additional level of difficulty customisation in the fact that you can specify how many lives and what the upgrade boundaries are for your ship. These two different sets of options can both be used to increase or decrease the level of difficulty to one that the player is comfortable with however, they both  adjust the difficulty in different ways.  
The main setting for the difficulty tat you can access directly before starting a game affects ho the enemies release projectiles on death. This is the chooses setting as this release of projectiles can be the most difficult item of the game to navigate an to counteract and as such that why it affects these. Below is a list of how the primary difficulty settings affect the game:

        Easy: When enemies die they will not release projectiles towards the player (But they will still shoot and behave normally).
        Medium: Only enemies of the same colour of the bullet that killed them will release projectiles towards the player.
        Hard: All enemies will release projectiles towards the player upon their death.

The other settings for the game effect how the player can carry on playing the game and their progression whilst keeping the actually enemy behaviour and movements the same. The two settings that are available to the player here are the number of lives and continues they get as well as the boundaries for the ships upgraded weaponry. The lives and continues option dictates how many times the player can get hit and die but still be able to carry on the game before getting a game over screen, these settings allow for an option from 1 to 9 with the default being 3.
The ship upgrade boundary settings is one that is not normally changed or taken note of. This setting will change the score boundaries for when the ship will upgrade its weapons based on the score. There are a few different settings for this and they consist of the initial upgrade (at a lower value) and then the additional required points after that for the next upgrade.
Anther point about the balance of the game is that although the game can be seen as difficult the game does have a certain balance to it in a way that the game is completable up to a certain level for even new players. This happens due to the fact that higher level players will try to do the more risky moves in order to gain a higher score count at the end of a level and as such they create their own difficulty for the game that they want. This process creates the balance within the game and actually allows the completion of it for all types of players.  

Game mechanics
(M1&D1)
In Ikaruga there are many different game mechanics that the player will have to use effectively in order to gain access to the higher score boundaries. In this section I will go through only the main game mechanics that are available to the player:

        Swapping polarities
        bullet eating
        Scoring
        Win condition for the game

The main game mechanic of the game is the ability to swap the polarity of your ship and this affects your ships properties ad the bullets that your ship fires. 
In the game there are two different types of ships that you will be  up against light and dark. The only difference between these ships is their colour and the colour of the bullets that they fire. Throughout all the levels ta the player will progress through, there will be about a 50:50 split of these ships and the game will spawn in dark and light copies of the ships at the same time to create difficulty for the player. This actually has an effect on the player as the ships colours affects how you can attack them and how they can attack you. The main rules of effect are as follows:

        If you shoot an enemy ship with the same colour of projectile as they are then you deal a base amount of damage
        if you shoot an enemy ship with the opposite colour of projectile than what they are then you deal twice the base damage to them depending on the game difficulty then the enemies can release a burst of projectiles towards the player upon their death depending on what colour of projectile you kill them with. This is further explained in the difficulty section above
        if you are hit with the same colour projectile as your ship ten you will absorb the projectile and it will fill up your power bar that can release a powerful blast of energy  when filled 
        if you are shot with the opposite colour of projectile than your colour ten you will lose a life but then a temporary invincibility as you respawn in the game for a few seconds.
        Penultimately, enemies can only shoot projectiles that are the same colour that they are,however bosses can have the ability to shoot both at the same tie but they will be the colour of the most common projectile that they are shooting or they will have distinct and separate sections of different colours at later stages in the game.  
        Finally, the player can switch their polarity at any time and it happens almost instantly but there is a fraction of a second of delay that adds a skill requirement to the game. This also is what allows the player to best attack and defend their self against different enemies b choosing wheat polarity they wish to be in. 
        

This use of the different polarities then goes along with a high risk plan is a high reward plan. (this has been explained more in the risk and rewards section). For example when there are a lot of light enemies you can go for killing them quickly with the opposite colour but you will have to dodge their attacks as you cannot absorb them. This game mechanic is the main mechanic that the whole game is based off of and as such it is its unique feature. 
Another feature of the game is what is called 'bullet eating' this is technique that comes as a result of the previously mentioned polarity mechanic. Bullet eating is the technique that occurs when you change to the same colour as the projectiles that are coming towards you. Due to eh previously pointed out facts of the game you can see that this would result in the bullets that hit you being absorbed into you and that this should build up your power meter. This is another important game mechanic as it is how you avoid being hit by most of the bullets. Within the 'bullet hell shooter' types of games there are two main types, those where there are slow moving bullets and you have to avoid them the best you can and then there are those where there are fast moving bullets and you have to memorise the game and levels in order to know what is coming up so you can avoid what's coming up before it actually appears. As you can see from the previous statement Ikaruga is one of those games where there are fast moving projectiles and where you have to remember the levels in order to play through the level effectively. 
Due to the fact that Ikaruga is a fast moving memory bullet hell game the bullet eating aspect is necessary to actually managing to manoeuvrer and play through the levels effectively. This is also more relevant with some boss attacks as they use techniques where they cover a majority of the screen with projectiles and then the player will have to more around inside these bullets in order to attack the boss as they also move. 
The third game mechanic that I will go through is the scoring system for the game and in this game it is quite unique in one aspect and very predictable in others. To start off with the scoring is very standard in how it works for quite a few reasons. To start off with the scoring is standard for quite a few ways that I will list below:

        You gain points whenever you kill an enemy
        You gain points when you destroy items in the level
        at the end of every level you get a rating for your score in letters and +'s e.g. B+
        You gain additional score for defeating a boss in a quick time in the form of a time bonus. 
        Finally, you gain score for bullets that you absorb.

These scoring systems used above are very common among the Japanese bullet hell shooter games with the last one in the list being slightly more specific but still a standard. The fact the you gain points whenever yo kill an enemy is not too different to most games nowadays and is a popular theme that passed over and as such needs no explanation.
The second point about there being additional points scored for the destruction of in game objects can also be seen as reasonably standard as quite a few games implement this scoring system. 
The third point about the score rating is not too common outside of japan and Japanese games and this is that your score level is given a rating from around G at the worst, through up to A and then in some circumstances it can even go up to SSS being the highest. These letter scores reflect the number score as well as the quality of play the player had. For example you will always get an S rank if yo manage to take no damage and kill every enemy in the stage even if the players score is low. However, if the player experienced a low level of play where they died a lot and didn't kill all of the enemies then they will get a low letter score even if their number score is high. 
This forth point is also a standard system in games but in more generally implemented in high score based games rather than the standard type of games due to the players progression. This system works in the way that if you kill a difficult enemy or more commonly, a boss in a fast time then you will be rewarded  with a score bonus and this incentives fast yet precise play that the game can use to have repeatability. However, this time bonus has no negative effect and as such if a very low level player does not have the opportunity to kill the boss quickly then they will not lose points but will instead not gain additional points that they had the possibility of getting.
The final point is again more specific to this style of gameplay but it is used frequently in the applicable games. This is the scoring system that you gain additional points for absorbing bullets that you have the chance to absorb. This therefore helps players by intensifying them to absorb all of what they can and from this they gain the previously mentioned powerful bast as well as additional score.

The final sub-section for game-mechanics is the win condition of the game and how players can actually beat the game. In order to beat the game the player has to complete all of the stages in the game one by one and then defeat the final few bosses to reach the end. For this I will be explaining the win condition in terms of the story and the actually gameplay for the player.
In terms of the story of the game the win condition is that the person the player players as (Shinra) needs to defeat the dictator of the land who has ruled over de to the fact that they have a powerful object. This then means that thy go up against the whole of the army and eventually work his way through the higher ranking and more difficult enemies until they get to the final boss and kill them. At this point the player then has to destroy the powerful artefact that brought the dictator to power but in doing so they use too much power to destroy it that they end up killing themselves. That is the win condition for the story of the game as then the player has freed the land from the evil dictator.
In terms of what the player has to do in actual gameplay the win condition is making their way through the different stages and working`ng their way through the increasingly difficult selection of enemies. This goes on until the player then goes up against a final boss and the one who actually held the power over the land in the first place. From here there is then a final boss fight that ten takes multiple forms and from here you then kill the powerful object in a final rush before the game ends. Although this may sound simple and the fact that there are only 5 stages in the game the difficulty and all of the enemies stop you from getting here and so you have to make sure that you survive until the end as dying is the inly condition that means you cant complete the game. 

Feedback

In terms of fan feedback for the game, Ikaruga is highly praised for its unique gameplay and challenge. 
Whilst being a very difficult game, Ikaruga has still managed to gain a huge fan following and people are very fond of it with high ratings everywhere for the game. The main features that are pointed out about the game whenever its reviewed are the nostalgia feeling it gives to people as well as the unique gameplay style and simplicity that the game runs off of. The game is known to give people a great feeling of nostalgia due to its release in the Us and UK on the Saga Dreamcast and this is actually where most people have heard about or played the game before as before this it was only available on the arcade cabinets in Japan. Due to the fact that most people who grew up with this game are now in the business s to review games it seems that it was released at a great time for reviewers these days. This is also helped by the fact that there were not many other games like this on the Dreamcast and so it stood out along with its unique visual style for its projectiles. The other main feedback of the game is that people like the unique gameplay style that Ikaruga offers with the polarities that are at play. Although the polarity mechanic may seem to be a bit gimmicky or difficult to manage it is one of the main reasons that the game has the popularity that it does because it is so unique among these types of games. The feedback for this particular game mechanic is that the mechanic is unique and that it adds a whole new levels of depth and difficulty to these types of games and players respect it for that. This may be due to the fact that these games are known for their difficulty and as such players like an increase to the difficulty to these types of games that is not gimmicky or innovative but this really matches what the player want. Finally, the game is also Highly praised for the simplicity that is has,this is said as there are no in game buffs or power ups that the player can get throughout the level to help them and as such the player must push the basic mechanics of the game to the limit in order to complete the game. And this simplicity and pushing of basic mechanics are what really give this game the popularity and feedback that it has. 
One final thing to note about the feedback of this game is that it consistently rates 8 and 9 of of 10 on review websites and it is quite well known among people who grew up with the Dreamcast and those who are into bullet hell shooter games from Japan. 

Game structure

As mentioned before this game consists of 5 stages and at the end of each stage there is a boss to defeat and finally at the end of the game there is a final boss and the destruction of the power artefact. From a structure point this game is very very simple and this can be attributed to the type of game that it is as well as the expectations of these types of games by players. This game is a bullet hell shooter and the way the structure of these games work is that it is very linear and you cannot control the overall movement of your ship through the game but are constrained to the rectangular border that the screen is rendered in.it is this rectangular border that then moves throughout the game world following a loose story line. Due to this the story needs to be somewhat simple at least for the basic goals and this then creates the linear fashion that these games use. This linear fashion then creates the different stages as you go through the story over and over gain. Finally,due to the difficulty of the game the game overall has to be quite short so that it is actually possible to beat it and therefore there are a low number of stages in most of this games. Below there will be a flowchart of the game structure with the stages and main bosses:

';';';';';';';';';';'; insert flowchart here ;';';;';';';';';';';';

Addiction

When a game is created in most cases the game developers will want the game to have a certain level of repeatability and addiction, this is because the developers will want as many people as they can playing the game as this will expose the game to more people and as such it will make them more money as these people buy the game. In order for this to happen, game developers will use many different techniques to make more people play the game. Most of these techniques rely on making the player addicted to the game so that they keep on coming back to it. As well as this some games increase repeatability in their game by awarding prizes to players who play often but that will not be covered in this section. 
Ikaruga is well known for its addiction and repeatability among its fans and that can be attributed in part to the previously mentioned points about the feedback to the game but the main reason why it is so additive and repeatable is down to the type of game that it is. The Japanese bullet hell shooter genre is known for its repeatability and addictiveness and this is for a quite simple reason, that reason is that due to the way the game works you will get up to a certain point and assuming that you did not beat the game or die and think that you could easily get past that part again in the next run. This then makes the game addicting as the player is always thinking about how they can get that little bit further throughout that level and this will make them play the level over and over again. This is the main draw that people have to the game as you can keep getting better and better progressing more and more each time. This is also coupled with the fact that as you progress through the game your ship will gain power will lead to a feeling that the game gets faster and more tense the further through you go. This will therefore lead players to wanting to get back to that part of the level and feel powerful again, and this also draws people to playing again. Finally, people are addicted to the game as they want to gain the highest score that they can do and this is achieved by ensuring that you have optimal movement throughout the game and this level of perfection can only be achieved by practising the game over and over again thus creating an addicting game to people who want to do this. 

Visual style

World
(D1)
This section is really just an extension to the game setting section previously in this assignment but here I will go though the terrain architecture and objects that are found throughout the course of the game in the background and in the from of enemies. 
To start out with, the main visual style that the game has is one of a futuristic Japan with a high concentration of trees to start out with but these gradually fade in to more urban and buildings later on. The tree and nature that is first seen in the game is not very special and is just general greenery but the futuristic urban look is week defined. The way that the urban look is well defined is due to the fact that it is very unique looking and is very reminiscent of Ikaruga and not much else. This is partially due to the colour palette that is used in the game and the 3D aspects that they contain when flying past them. 
The colour palette that is present in Ikaruga is a very muted one with liberal use of grey and brown but with a tech twist to it so that the player knows this is in the future. This same visual style goes through to the enemies and objects, not just the terrain. In the game the objects that you will see are also the enemies on screen so they can be be counted here. As mentioned the enemies contain the same visual style as the terrain but they don't contain the greenery or dirt look. The enemies have the same tech look on them due to the fact that they have lines and dots on them similar to circuit boards which is what they are trying to represent. This also allows for the different colours or polarity that the enemies will have as they black polarity version is the same as the white just the main colours are changed so that they are easily distinguishable.  
In addition to the main design and colour palette use the visual style of the game objects and world are also very distinct due to their use of early 3D techniques. This makes the game stand out, especially back when it was released to the arcades as this type of 3D and complexity had not been seen too much in other games and as such it made Ikaruga a great game. The way the 3D works in game is that the main object that is being shown in the background is in 3D while the main background in just in 2D, this shows a greater concept of motion while the player is moving. In addition to just being in the background the 3D effects also reach to other parts of the stage and this is mainly the enemies that the player is up against. These enemy NPC's are also rendered in 3D with a similar method that the background is due to the time that this game was made. This comes in useful and shows itself off when the enemies are moving across the screen as when they are you can see that they are in 3D and their movement looks a lot smoother as the camera revels different parts of their design. This is notable due to the fact that most games at this time would rely on only 2D sprites in the game and so their view from the camera was locked to 1 or 2 sprites or the computer would try to generate their sprite in 2D from 3D and in these early cases this did not work well.   
Overall, the visual style of the game is greatly liked with only mild disliking here and there. The main draws to the visual style of Ikaruga is the unique colour palette that the game uses as well as the heavy use of early 3D rendering techniques and how both these features go together to make the game what it is and these are generally thought to go together well. In addition to this, the actual design and atmosphere that the world and enemy designs create does its job well and the way the game is in future japan is very well told. However, not all features of the visual style can be positive and in deed there are some negatives that people have the main negative point that people have about the visual style of the game is that the graphics don't look too good especially when compared to games that have been released more recently. This is quite a fair assessment and I can see why people would say this about the game but it can be true of any game once it gets a bit old it it won't always look the best even though in its time Ikaruga used great graphics. Finally,  the second point that people have for negatives about the visual style of the game is that the backgrounds can get distracting when people are trying to concentrate in the gameplay. While I can completely understand this,  as the background does have 3D parts to it that don't actually effect the gameplay itself and the colours that it have do change a lot during the course of a normal run this should not be too much of an issue. I say this as the game designers specifically kept this in mind when they created the game and tried to remove as much distraction as they could whilst still having the game look appealing. The main way this this was achieved was through the use of the muted colour palette that the game is known for. This helps as the main enemies and projectiles that you should be avoiding are coloured very distinct colours of dark purple and light blue while the background is light grey and brown. Finally, this should not be too much of a problem as all games of this type will have a moving background otherwise the game would not look as good and would lose some of it's appeal to the fans.  

Characters 

Within Ikaruga there are a few different characters that make an appearance and are relevant to the story and play through of the game. Although the characters do appear in the game and effect the story they actually never make an appearance on screen as a character but you are instead told about them being there in the text that appears in game and throughout the lore of the game. In the game there are 4 main characters, 2 people that you can play as and 2 other people who help you in the time before the game starts. Their names are:

	Shinra (森羅)
	kagari (篝)
	Amanai (天内)
	Kazamori (風守)
	Tenro Horai

The two people that you play as are Shinra and kagari and you can choose between these people when you start the game when you choose between the different ships that you play as. The main ship (The Ikaruga) is piloted by Shinra while the second ship you can choose (The Ginkei) is piloted by Kagari. It is also important to note that the player does not see the person they are playing as when choosing the ship it is just in the lore that you are playing as that character.
Tenro Horai is the main antagonist of the game as he is the evil ruler of the game setting but there is no information on him apart from his name and role as leader of the Hroai
The other two characters that make an appearance in the game are only there in the beginning lore of the game and they are engineers who help you when your ship crashed and they helped design and build your new ship that can change polarities and allow you to fight in the game. For a more detailed understanding of the lore/story and how it incorperates the characters here is an extract from the wikipedia page of the game that goes over this: 

"Several years ago in the small island nation of Horai, the leader of the nation, Tenro Horai, discovered the Ubusunagami Okinokai—the Power of the Gods. This energy emanated from an object she dug up from deep underground and granted her unimaginable powers. Soon after, Tenro and her followers, who called themselves "The Divine Ones", began conquering nations one after another. "The Chosen People" carried out these conquests in "the name of peace". Meanwhile, a freedom federation called Tenkaku emerged to challenge Horai. Using fighter planes called Hitekkai, they fought with the hope of freeing the world from the grips of the Horai - but all their efforts were in vain. They were no match for the Horai and were eventually almost completely wiped out. Miraculously, however, one young man survived. His name was Shinra (森羅?).
Shot down near a remote village called Ikaruga, inhabited by elderly people who had been exiled by the Horai's conquests, Shinra was dragged from the wreckage and nursed back to health. Shinra regained his health and pledged to defeat the Horai, and the villagers entrusted him with a fighter plane that they had built themselves, called the Ikaruga. The Ikaruga was no ordinary plane, designed by former engineering genius Amanai (天内?) with the help of Kazamori (風守?) and the village leaders. Hidden in a secret underground bunker and launched via the transportation device called the "Sword of Acala", it is the first fighter built that integrates both energy polarities, and is capable of successfully switching between the two. In a two-player game, Shinra is joined by Kagari (篝?), a mercenary of Horai defeated by Shinra. After Shinra spared her life, she decided to change sides and join the resistance. Her ship, Ginkei, is modified by the people of Ikaruga to give it identical capabilities to Shinra's ship." - - - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ikaruga


NPC's

Unfortunately. In Ikaruga there are no NPC's as such as you cannot directly see or interact with any other players/characters in game. The closest that you could call an item in Ikaruga being an NPC would have to be the enemies but these are not actual NPC's and so this section has no proper content

Feedback Interface

As with any game there is a need for there to be an interface through which the player can get feedback about how they are in the game like statistics, health, ammo ... And so on. While mist games have a Heads Up Display to display this information, that only really works for first person games and so Ikaruga uses the sides of the screen and play area to display the relevant information for the player. This works well and shows all the information that the player would need to know. To start off with I will list the things that Ikaruga tells the player on the screen as feedback whilst in the game and playing it:
	
	Score
		High score
		Chapter score
		Current score
	Chain Meter and status
	Bomb meter 
	Lives 
	Achievements

In Ikaruga the score is the main feature that you will have to keep in mind as it it's heart Ikaruga is a game about getting the highest score that you can, for this reason the score is divided into 3 sections that are all of use to the player, the current score, high score for section and high score for the entire game. 
the first option here (current score) is fairly self explanatory as this will just show the players current score in the run that they are in. This therefore means they then player can therefore where they are up to on their current run taking into account all the combos and additional points that they have. 
The second score option is quite an interesting one for a few reasons, to start off with the high score for the current chapter and not run. A chapter in this game is effectively a stage and this is a single uninterrupted run through of part of the game without a break. The fact that the total high score for this chapter is always displayed goes along the line that this game is about point scoring and getting the highest that you can. This is because at anytime you can see where you are currently compared to the best run that you have had and it constantly keeps a goal in mind for when you are playing. This can lead to optimising routes through the game as much as you can and getting all the addition scores that you can as well as leaving it open for people to compare scores for certain sectors and creating a community for the game. 
The final score that is displayed in the game is the total high score for the entire run, this is useful when you want to see how far through the run you are in terms of your total points, this can then lead to people to know exactly how this run in total is stacking up compared to their best run through the game. 
In addition to the score interface there is also the chain meter and status bar interface. This is the interface that shows the player their chain score and status in respect to the killing 3 enemies of the same colour in a row to get more points. This is comprised of two parts, one which shows how many of the three in a row you have and on that shows how long you have kept this chain going in terms of groups of three. This will help the player as it allows them to see how they are doing in terms of their chain and then then allows them to know how many more of the same colour enemy they have to kill before they can start another chain of he other colour. Also, the counter for he number of combos allows to player to see how they are currently doing and of they are doing the combos as they want to know if they are likely to get a high score or not.  
The penultimate item on this list is the interface for the lives and this, again this is a very simple one to explain why it is there. This interface  as here as it shows the current number of lives that the player has remaining. This shows the player how well they are doing and how much longer they can play the game/get hit without them getting a game over screen and not being able to play.  
The final interface for this section is the achievements box to the side that the player is playing on. This box shows the completion of certain achievements within the game. These achievements include the defeating of bosses for the first time in multiple difficulty settings as well as the play through of the run with certain limitations such as not firing, and not absorbing any bullets. This inclusion of the achievements whilst in the game is quite a unique feature and this has not really been replicated in many games since. The inclusion of this menu also gives the player a set of goals that they can strive towards whenever they play any new game. 

In addition to the feedback interface that is shown throughout the playing of the game there is also a feedback menu that shows up after the player completes each stage. This end of stage menu shows the score bonus that you get for destroying the boss, the score for this chapter, your max chain and the grade that you got each stage. This end of stage menu shows the score bonus that you get for destroying the boss, the score for this chapter, your max chain and the grade that you got. 
The score for the chapter and max chain are just the results that were shown in game but this just shows them during the end of the chapter so you can see how much you achieved in total.
The new thing shown here is the grade that you get for the chapter as a whole. This grade reflects how well you played that section and each higher grade boundary requires certain criteria to be met, however these criteria are no known well enough for a definitive answer. The grade ranges from F - A as well as going all the way up to S++ for the perfect run. 
The final feedback shown that is new is the boss destroy bonus. This is an additional set of points that you get for defeating the boss at the end of the stage, but its size is affected by how fast you kill the boss and if you actually end up killing them.  

Perspectives

Throughout the game there is only really 1 perspective that the player is shown of the ship and that is top down or birds-eye view that is scrolling and aerial. When you are playing the game you look down on the Ikaruga ship from above and the screen also scrolls from the top to the bottom. 
throughout the whole game the perspective is constantly the same apart from at the beginning of each chapter. In these sections there is a small cinematic scene that shows the ship and the chapter intro text. (this intro text just shows the name of the chapter as well as a small part of the story as the player progresses). In these cinematic scene the camera is detached from above the ship and is placed to the side as the ship normally does a loop or flip and goes close to the camera, after this the camera and ship then match back up and the stage start with the same perspective as is normal.  

Full Motion Video

The very final section for this game is the use of full motion video within Ikaruga. Unfortunately there is no use of full motion video in Ikaruga so there is nothing more that I can put in this section.  

Mini Metro

Interaction model

As in any game there is requirement that the player has the ability to interact with the game world and as such there is required to be an in interaction model for the player to interact with the game world through. In mini metro the interaction model that the player gets is one that is omnipotent. This is due to the fact that the player does not control a character of person but instead in mini metro the player has the ability to do actions spontaneously that immediately affect the game. This therefore points to the fact that the player could be playing some sort of god in the game's universe and that they have abilities a normal person or character would not. However, this is to be expected as Mini Metro is a puzzle game and as such the requirement for a person / entity to play as is less of a requirement.  

Single Player / Multiplayer

Unfortunately, in it's default state Mini Metro is not a multiplayer game as it only contains single player elements. This means that while the game can only be played by one person, it does have a scoring system so that multiple people can compare their scores with each to create competition. This is because the game can only really be played by one person at any time as it requires heavy use of the mouse and that would be difficult on one machine, in addition to this playing with more than one person over the internet would also be a pain as Mini metro is a puzzle game and other people would interfere and make the game not enjoyable.  

Game Setting

Even though Mini metro is a minimalist puzzle game, there are clearly defined settings that the game happens in and this also extends to the general settings that this game takes overall place in. The available levels that the game tales place in that are discrete locations are: 

	London
	Paris
	New York City
	Berlin
	Melbourne
	Honk Hong
	Osaka
	Saint Petersburg
	Montreal
	Sao Paulo
	Cairo
	Auckland

While these are technically different game settings as they are all different places the overall game the game takes place over the same type of place its just that the different settings contain different land and water layouts as well as different features that make each level different. 
The main location that the game tales place in is a very minimal birds-eye view of a certain city with the only distinction being the land and the water placements. This simplistic level design is then carried out over the different cities listed above the differences being the land and water is shaped to look like that location. For example, in London there is the river Thames in the middle of the map and in New york there is the two different section in a blocky shape separated by water. While this is a very simplistic way to approach the settings of the game it is quite effective due to the fact that the game is designed to be very minimalistic with its design and this works very well with the rest of the aesthetics of the game. 

Goals

In Mini metro the main goal of the game is to create a train network that can sustain the travel of passengers around the town to their destination for the longest time. To start off with I will first explain the way the game works and what mechanics it has so that the goals make sense.  
Mini metro is a puzzle game about creating tracks between different stations that pop up in such a way that and person wanting to go to any station can go through the train network you have created and get to their destination. When you start a new game on any level you will be greeted by, at first 2 different stations. Stations are distinguished by the shape that they are and this is also how you know where people want to go. As these station appear passengers will also appear  by the stations and they will be a small shape to the side of the main station shape. For example if you have a square station, you might have a circle and a triangle passenger that you can see as small shapes to the  side of the main station shape. From this position the player will have to join the different stations together so that when to train drives past the stations they can pick up its passenger and take them to the station that they want or another line that has the station that they want. As the game progresses more and more stations will appear and these will then contain more passengers that will need to get to their respective stations. However, a degree of difficulty comes from the fact that each train line when you create it only has one train that has to move and slow down to pick up passengers. In addition to this, the train also has a limited capacity of 6 people per coach and be default you only get 1. So therefore you have t make sure that your train line is not too long so that the stations get crowded (as that how you lose) while making sure that you have enough stations to satisfy the demand of the passengers stations and connecting lines. One final obstacle is that you also have a limited number of tunnels that you can build and these are required of your train line is going through any body of watch and this is what mainly shapes the layout and deign of your gameplay. So finally you must also layout your tracks in a smart manner so that you can actually connect all the stations as you can have no tunnels left but a station could appear on an island that you need a tunnel for. 
With that explained and out of the way you ca see that the goal of Mini metro is to create the best network of train lines that you can so that all the stations do not get bust and all the passengers can get to where they want to. The end of the game is when 1 station becomes too crowded for a while and at that point the game will end. In a similar fashion to Ikaruga this is also a game about a high score that can be compared to other people for a certain amount of competition, but this game also allows for the use of different scoring methods by fans as you can do longest run, quickest to reach a certain score and so on... 

Challenges

As listed in the description above there is defiantly a certain level of challenge with the game as this is a puzzle game and that is the main feature of them. Below I will list the individual challenge aspects of the game and explain how they work/effect the game:

	A limit on the number of train lines
	trains have a travel time on their track
	trains have a limited capacity
	there are rare stops
	you get a limited amount of tunnels

The main and most predominant challenge that Mini metro uses is the fact that as a player you can only place down a certain number of distinct train lines. Although as you progress through a level you do unlock more train lines that is always the main limiting factor. The way that the train lines work in this game is that you draw a line between certain stations and as you do so a coloured line will appear between them and a train carriage and engine will spawn on that track, this train will then go along the line picking up passengers that it needs and dropping them off at their station. When the train the gets to the end of its track it will then turn around and head back the other way. As mentioned above its best to have the individual train tracks not too long as this can make stations at the other side of where the train is get crowded and lose the game, but it is also important that all of the train stations can be reached easily so that passengers can travel to where they need to go. However, this can become more complicated as the game progresses due to the fact that throughout the game you get the option of getting more carriages or train engines to place on a track and ease the traffic.  
A small one here, but still an important factor none the less, this is that trains actually have to travel on their tracks and they also slow down before they approach a station that they need to pick up passengers from. This is just a small important factor so that you know how the game runs and the trains can  be quite slow.  
A third point that only really comes into focus during the later stages of a level is the fact that all of the trains and carriages have a limited number of spaces on which they can carry passengers. This comes into the later stage of a level as at this time the number and flow of passengers at stations is quite high and so you will need to make sure that each train line has a high number of all the different types of stop that passengers require or make sure that each line has great connections to other lines that can get passengers to where they want to go to. On the other hand as the level progresses the player has the ability to place more train engines or carriages on a train track and as such they can ease the traffic. The train engines add the ability to have more than one train on a track whilst the carriages allow for a train engine to carry more passengers, due to this trade off the carriages can carry more people than an engine can while the engines add a whole separate train.  
As mentioned previously, there are different  types of stations that are grouped by the distinct shapes that they are. When the level starts out you will only have a few different types of stations like square, circle and triangle and these are somewhat easy to manage. However, later in the game the player will get more and different stations that will only appear once `throughout that entire level like a star or a sector of a circle. These will then need to be accessed by multiple people all over the other different stations and this can be the main cause for congestion at the trains and stations. This is because the station that they spawn at might have to go and pass them onto two different other train lines and this will takes up the limited spaces in the trains themselves while also making the station more busy which is what ends the game.  
The final main challenge in the game is the fact that you are quite limited with the number of different tunnels that you can place. Tunnels are required for when any train line passes through a section of water either to get to the other side or to get a shorter route to a required station. This presents its own problems with the layout of the train network as this then makes the player have to have multiple connection line between different sections of land and these need to be quite short otherwise they will become overcrowded but this will also use up the limited number of train lines that you can build and so the management aspect of this game comes up.  

Rewards

As mentioned in the previous sections as you progress through the game you have the ability to select different upgrades like a new train or carriage for a track, however, thee rewards are only awarded at the end of a day and you must choose between two different options what rewards you would like to claim for your train network. A small list of the available upgrades are as follows: 

	Train engine
	carriage
	new train line
	more tunnels
	interchange 
	 
While the first 4 in this list have been explained in the previous section the last one of an interchange has not been explained. An interchange in the game is an upgrade t the station itself and it effects the boarding speed of all of the passengers into their trains that they need to get on. With this added to a normal station, people will get on and off the train faster and that is great for busy stations.
Another note is that the game is based off of a time system where minutes and hours pass in game and this affects the amount of traffic that occurs at each stop as it gets busier during rush hour. 
One final note on rewards in game, you can complete levels by keeping them operation for a certain time / number of passengers and once you have completed a level a new level is unlocked that has a different layout as well as in some cases a different unique feature.  

Player Actions

In a similar situation to Ikaruga there are not any player actions that can effect how the game is played out due to the fact that there is not story line and Mini metro is a puzzle game so there is no real need for one. However you could say that the actions that player has is to place down train lines for a city but that is not really this topic. 

Rules

In mini metro There are not too many different rules that you have to follow as the game is very simplistic and minimal puzzle game. However, if I was to list the rules then I would list them as follows: 
	
	You must place the train tracks between stations 
	you must place trains on the tracks
	you must keep the network running as long as you can. 

For this game there  are not too many different rules as the game is quite open with how you want to play it and anything you can't do...... You can't do so its not really a rule.
The first rule on this that when placing a train line you must place it between the stations as you can't place it anywhere else. This therefore means that all of the train lines will begin and terminate at a station. In addition to this the player can only only start placing a track by dragging it from station to station. 
Another rule that you might say is that when you receive additional train you are only allowed to place them on an existing train line. Again, this is very similar to the previous rule due to the fact that you can only place trains on the train lines so it isn't really a rule as such.  
the final rule that could say would be that the player has to try and keep the trains running for as long as they can, however this is note rule like the rest are as this is the goal of the game rather than a rule. Furthermore, you can break this rule as you can play the game intentionally badly and the game will allow you to do that.  

Difficulty / Balance

As with any game there is a requirement for there to be a certain level of difficulty whilst also having the correct balance so that the game is playable. The main way that the balance is done in this game is due to the way the difficulty slowly increases as you play though and progress through each level. However, this on its own would make the difficulty curse too high for casual players so the game also adds in the ability to choose what upgrades you want at the end of each day with the option between two of the rewards noted above. 
Due to the way that the difficulty increases due to the addition of new stations and passengers that will start to overcrowd the train lines and the inclusion of rewards that the player can select specifically for the network they have made the difficulty curve in standard for puzzle games. When I say that the difficulty curve is standard I means that the game starts out very easy and it gradually start to got more and more difficult as the game goes on up to a point where it goes past the players ability and at that point the game become too difficult and the player loses. This curse could be easily mapped out by an exponential function as the difficulty level gradually increases more and more as the level progresses. 

Game mechanics

For this section I will explain how the game works with detailed explanations on scoring and the win condition required. 
Mini metro is a puzzle game about creating tracks between different stations that pop up in such a way that and person wanting to go to any station can go through the train network you have created and get to their destination. When you start a new game on any level you will be greeted by, at first 2 different stations. Stations are distinguished by the shape that they are and this is also how you know where people want to go. As these station appear passengers will also appear  by the stations and they will be a small shape to the side of the main station shape. For example if you have a square station, you might have a circle and a triangle passenger that you can see as small shapes to the  side of the main station shape. From this position the player will have to join the different stations together so that when to train drives past the stations they can pick up its passenger and take them to the station that they want or another line that has the station that they want. As the game progresses more and more stations will appear and these will then contain more passengers that will need to get to their respective stations. However, a degree of difficulty comes from the fact that each train line when you create it only has one train that has to move and slow down to pick up passengers. In addition to this, the train also has a limited capacity of 6 people per coach and be default you only get 1. So therefore you have t make sure that your train line is not too long so that the stations get crowded (as that how you lose) while making sure that you have enough stations to satisfy the demand of the passengers stations and connecting lines. One final obstacle is that you also have a limited number of tunnels that you can build and these are required of your train line is going through any body of watch and this is what mainly shapes the layout and deign of your gameplay. So finally you must also layout your tracks in a smart manner so that you can actually connect all the stations as you can have no tunnels left but a station could appear on an island that you need a tunnel for. 
From this description you can see that the scoring condition in this game is the number of passengers that you manage to get to their correct stations. This will therefore increase slowly during the beginning of the game and as the level progresses the score will also go up faster along with the difficulty. 
As for the win condition, there isn't one in this type of game. While each level could go on for an infinite amount of time and that would be the best for each level you only have to achieve a certain score for you to have completed that level. However, you could say that the win condition for the entire game is the completion of every stage past the point that they are marked as completed and for this you get an achievement in game. 

Feedback

Mini metro is a game that is well known for its minimalistic design and is liked by most people who play it. The main appeal of the game is the style that it has and this is the minimalist approach where it has only a few colours and animations are very simple. The fact that this game is very appealing to people is quite obvious due to the fact that its reviews are very high on most sites. For example, on Steam (where the game is mainly downloaded from) the game has a 10/10 rating which is really good and few games manage to have this, also on jayisgames.com the game has a 9.5 out of 10 review. From this you can see that the game is greatly praised and feedback is amazing for this game. 

Game Structure

As mentioned above, the game consists of 12 different levels that the player can play through and these are unlocked as you complete earlier levels and complete the requirements that they set. This is a progressive level design as the player unlocks more and more of the game as they progress through it but the game allows the player to play levels 2 above the number that they have unlocked so that if they are stuck on a level they can progress through the game and are not stuck. Due to these features the game structure is very very simple and can be summed up with is simple flowchart. 

?>?>?>?>?>?>?> insert flowchart here?>?>?>?>?>?>

Addiction

For any game to be successful, in most cases there is a level of addition to the game brings people back to playing the game. This function of brining people to play the game over and over gain is very good for the game designers / company that made it as it allows their game to be shown to many different people and this will then mean that more and more people will buy the game and they will make more money. 
Within Mini metro there defiantly is a certain level of addition however it is not a lot as some other games especially when it comes to repalyability. The main addiction factor from this games comes from the relaxation that the game has on people and the fact that it is quite a unique game. The relaxation from the game comes from the fact that the general minimalistic style and music are calming and this kind of puts  you in a trance. However, once you have completed the game the replability value and addiction that you might have from the game decrease to a small amount. This happen because the game is a puzzle game and once you have complete all of the puzzles thee isn't anymore that the game can do for you. But Mini metro does this a whole lot better than other puzzle games do due to the fact that the levels are technically infinite and as such you can keep going to get a better and better score in each level.

Visual style

World

Us mentioned previously, the visual style of the game is quite unique due to the fact that the main world consists of only 2 main colours with the rest coming from the tracks that you place and the stations that appear. In each level the distinct features are the land wand water with the land being a beige / yellow colour and the water being a light blue colour. This is really all that there is to the main features of the world when talking about its visual style but I will also quickly explain the visual style of the tracks that you place as well as the stations. 
When you place a track down the colour of the that track will be a main and distinct colour like, blue, red, green, purple.... and so on.... as this builds up as the game progresses the network of rails will start to look like an actual train map withe the colors and station. Talking about stations, whenever a station pops up the its will appear as a certain simple shape and will be white with a think black border and this fits in well with the general; theme of the game especially with all of the other colours as it doesn't clash. 

Characters

Due to the type of game that Mini metro is, there is no character available at all so this section is empty.

NPC's

Feedback interface

Perspective

Full Motion Video

